Nicci cone is planning to begin sales of
the vehicle to home system evey power
station in July this system enables the
user to draw power from a large capacity
battery in an electric vehicle and use
it in the home after being passed
through a distribution board developed
based on the Nissan Leaf to home power
system that supplies power to the home
from an electric vehicle the evey power
station enables the user to use the
large capacity battery of the Leaf
electric vehicle for power
hold on top you know that sweet talk
about their courageous I'd a Judean
holder into a hole
no Katya no dhenuka mechanical you
looking all that sick I have to go back
the device dimensions are 65 centimetres
wide by 35 centimeters long by seventy
eight point one centimeters high or
about the size of an outdoor air
conditioning unit so it can definitely
be used in a typical home it is also
possible to install multiple units on a
single supply line making it easier to
use in a location where multiple leaf
vehicles are operated kokino got I do
think it's kinda thought what did you
think you know Toastmaster ah dude I
know but you do then know a bicycle a
Jew density papillary muscle tobacco no
deals no buy this stock so your Juden
desk or a achieve percent abandonó Juden
the hot seat I can tell you are a damask
Adamo yahoo yoshi can't a judea dekimasu
irani Kannada no battery oxcart a
cottony monopod a dividend oh boy Casa
de panne Cuttino Yahoo futsuka bono
then Yahoo mechanical are they give us
Nietzsche Cohen will begin taking orders
for the evey power station through
Nissan dealers nationwide admit you the
domestic price is approximately four
hundred eighty thousand yen or six
thousand dollars with a subsidy from the
Ministry of Economy Trade and
Infrastructure the effective cost
including installation is a
expected to be about 330,000 yen or
$4,100 including tax